Minor doc fixes for RBAC How to guide with SQLAlchemy (#1127)
osohq/oso: docs/content/python/guides/roles/sqlalchemy/getting-started.md

- `_: Org`: the `resource` argument must have the `Org` type.

Notice that `User` and `Org` are SQLAlchemy models. We can reference

> these in our policy because we registered all models with `SQLAlchemyOso(Base)`!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
these in our policy because `SQLAlchemyOso(Base)` automatically registers all of our model classes with Oso.
```
